His aunt saw what you said
What does sitting on three wheels of electricity have to do with suffering?
If he had money
No matter how he takes a taxi, he is reluctant to take a taxi if he doesn't have the money
That dish follows him
It must have been suffering.
Even if my aunt really has no money
Guess doesn't have to suffer
I can tell.
Auntie is really nice to my daughter
Auntie now
Maybe the economy is a little bit worse.
But the young couple made their own efforts
It's getting better.
It's okay if Cai Cai is young and ignorant
Qin Yue, why don't you know anything?
Are these days without money the days of human life?
Look at me wearing this dress.
My son-in-law just bought it for me
More than 10,000 yuan a piece
Now that's the day.
Aunt, this dress looks familiar
It's a limited edition launched by Story Group last month.
Luxury goods like this
Oh, if you have money, you may not be able to buy it.
No channel
Not to mention
You have no money
Auntie likes to show off
Don't meet him
Coincidentally, I bought one for my mom too
Are you kidding me?
Mom
This is the dress I bought for you at Story Group.
As for the money on my aunt, it's fake